Are you going to sleep?
Yes.
There is something I need to think about.
Can I have a second?
What happened last night?
Mon...
Yes?
Why do you have to call my name out loud? We're so near.
What's going on, Mork?
Mon, do you like P'Tiew?
Yes, I like him.
We shouldn't do like this.
What?
Should we stop playing this game?
Playing with human feelings is not so funny.
Mork, do you like P'Tiew?
I don't know.
What I'm feeling right now is...
I don't want him to be sad.
He's so sincere to us while he doesn't know that we're playing with his feeling.
I feel guilty for him.
If you really like him, just tell him.
How can I do that?
You like him first,
and then I met him
after you told me about him.
You've never been like this.
I think you should tell him.
Let me clear with him by today.
P'Mek...
Where is Mork?
P'Tiew...
We have to talk.
Let's go for a ride
around Chiang Mai city.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I didn't tell you...
At first, I was so angry.
But now I understand.
It's difficult for you to tell me.
Because you're afraid that I would be sad.
Mork...
I like you.
Human has to learn to be happy and sad until the last breath.
But luckily, in this universe...
the spirit will have a chance to feel the last happiness within 99 days after the last breath.
The last happiness is controlled by a white-blood man.
He is not an Angel or Seraph but he is beyond the time.
He is not only trusting, but also wondering, monitoring, and controlling.
His name is...
Wise
I made this key from your last memory.
You've used this key for your last happiness for almost 99 days.
Hey!
Aren't you shocked?
I'm not!
From your smile, you're thinking of me, aren't you?
You didn't answer my question.
I assume that you accept that you're thinking of me.
Aren't you homesick?
Homesick?
Homesick? I may be homesick.
You may take annual leave for so long.
Don't you have jobs?
Or did you lose your jobs?
Whatever!
How many days have you been back in Chiang Mai?
3 days...
So tomorrow is your fourth day.
Why tomorrow?
Tomorrow? Tomorrow is yet to come. Don't you know?
I'm feeling blurry and dizzy lately.
Don't worry. I used to have this feeling. It takes some time to remember.
Remember?
I mean tomorrow you'll get better.
Let's go...
Where?
Somewhere you used to go... Hurry up!
Won't you go back home?
Not now...
I think I'll wait until 99 days before going back home.
Why? You quarreled with people at home?
Nope!
Don't be shy. I often quarreled with people at home.
I see, good boy!
Are you in relationship?
I don't know.
Maybe yes
Maybe no.
Yes or No?
Hmm... I don't know what to say...
I used to be in relationship or not?
I'm in relationship or not?
I think I used to see someone like you...
I think I made up my own mind.
Why don't you change your clothes?
You always wear white clothes.
I think these clothes...
are the best for my style.
I think this color suits yours.
Why?
Your clothes look clean.
My clothes are dark in color...
and dark handsome.
Can you smell me that much?
You're so strange!
I think...
clean color suits you.
Wake up!
Are you in relationship?
Hmm, I'm not sure...
If I may say that I have someone special, I don't think so.
It's called one sided love...
Do you think when will we love someone the most?
Before you've changed.
How about you?
When?
I think when we know that we'll be apart.
What is it?
It's the first dew of winter.
Please drink.
You'll feel better.
Do you feel better?
Hmm...
Mork...
Who?
--- Subtitles by Natt Tongtep ---